# Getting and Cleaning Data - Course Project  
Author: Zach Sharrow  
Date: May 30, 2019

This is the repo for my final project for the Coursera class "Getting and
Cleaning Data" created by Johns Hopkins University. 

### `CodeBook.Md`  
  
The codebook contains informtion about the data source for this project, the
steps I undertook to process it to meet the requirements for the assignment, and
instructions for how to interpret the final data file.  
  
### `run_analysis.R`  
  
This script contains the code used to move from the intial data 
to the final tidy dataset. It is heavily commented in order to be explicit about
each major step in the process, as well as the sub-steps involved along the way. 

**NOTE:** `run_analysis.R` assumes you have downloaded and unzipped the project 
data available 
[here](https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip)
into the same directory as the script. It also requires the `dplyr` package.  
  
### `tidy_data.csv`  
  
This file is the final result of the processing carried out by `run_analysis.R`.
For portability and compatibility, it is written as a CSV. That means you should
easily be able to view it using R, Excel, Google Sheets, or any other 
spreadsheet program (including Github itself!).  
  
The file in this repo was generated by running `run_analysis.R` in R version
3.6.0 within RStudio Version 1.2.1522 on Windows 7 Enterprise SP1.  
  
### `tidy.txt`  
  
This is the tidy data file as required for assignment submission.  
  
Thanks for stopping by!  
  

